whether perfect for my recipe come with
me
come on come here
now you'll help me prepare the bloody
eyeballs let's see what we'll need for
30 I both 14 ounces of white chocolate
one and a quarter cups of ricotta cheese
three and a half ounces of plain
biscuits for a decorating 30 chocolate
candies two ounces of dark chocolate one
egg white red food coloring one and a
quarter cups of powdered sugar come on
Freddie make yourself useful start
crushing the biscuits what are you doing
you're not even able to press some
biscuits use a food processor please
meanwhile melt less than two ounces of
white chocolate in a bain-marie
and blended with ricotta cheese
and stir well here you are now holding
the crushed biscuits and blend together
well now we'll shape it into small balls
which means that we disclose you can't
help me take a teaspoon of dough roll
into small bowl and flatten it slightly
to make it look like an eyeball then
place on a sheet of parchment paper
our small balls are ready Freddie go and
put in the freezer for 10 minutes now
prepare the red icing beat an egg white
until stiff at first the sifted powdered
sugar then the red food coloring that
has been melted in a little hot water no
not now Freddie I haven't added the
party sugar yet it's time to coat the
eyeballs with a white chocolate which
has been melted in a microwave help
yourself with a fork
and place the iris on top then do the
same with all the others as you can see
it's super simple but something is
missing here do you know anything about
it show me the club come on
I knew it with you go in your corner
finally decorate the eyeballs use the
melted dark chocolate to make the pupil
and with red icing draw the veins
look at how scary these bloody eyeballs
are even more than you but what are you
saying
Deborah Deborah wake up the sauce is
burning
you